{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This model is being released as CC-0, so you are free to use or manipulate as you like. You do not have to give credit, but if you want to you could state: "Whippet model by Patrick W. Crawford, TheDuckCow". You may not however imply that you are the originally creator of these models.\
\
==============\
\
This is the whippet model used for a Mother's day card, found at the link below. Specifically, this is roughly what I expect our new puppy to look like once she is grown up, based on the markings currently visible.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fav.me/d651s80"}}{\fldrslt http://fav.me/d651s80}}\
\
This was originally made to be a background character, but general levels of detail are still high. This being said, details like teeth and more accurate paws are lacking. It's also worth mentioning that yes, the eye is a bit off and certainly a bit creepy. Mesh deformation works quite well given the low-poly figure is preserved underneath the multi-resolution. There is an IK setup for the front two legs, but because of the somewhat odd bone structure of this breed it does not immediately work very well; the download will have this constraint disabled or "hidden" in favor of FK posing.\
\
On a final note, it might be worth looking at the node setup for the body of the dog. While the UV layout itself might not be the most efficient, the second texture is somewhat cleverly used for turning this one shader into 3 different materials, with continuous boundary transitions.\
\
==============\
\
Moo-Ack! Productions:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/user/TheDuckCow"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.youtube.com/user/TheDuckCow}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/TheDuckCow"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.facebook.com/TheDuckCow}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/TheDuckCow"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://twitter.com/TheDuckCow}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://theduckcow.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://theduckcow.com/}}\
\
Moo-Ack!\
~Patrick W. Crawford}